"MELISSA AND JOEY" IS RECORDED IN
FRONT OF A LIVE STUDIO AUDIENCE.
WHY ARE YOU IN EXERCISE CLOTHES?
I WAS EXERCISING.
NO, SERIOUSLY, WAS
EVERYTHING ELSE DIRTY?
I JUST DID THE CARDI-YOGA CLASS
IN THE PARK DOWN THE STREET.
WAS THAT SOME KIND OF
COURT-ORDERED PUNISHMENT?
CAN'T SOMEONE JUST EXERCISE
BECAUSE IT'S GOOD FOR THEM?
ALL RIGHT, ALL
RIGHT, MISS EYEBROW.
A COUPLE OF WEEKS AGO
AT A CHARITY AUCTION,
I PAID FOR A TEN-COURSE
GOURMET MEAL
AT THE UBER TRENDY
RESTAURANT 13 TABLES.
MY PLAN IS TO SAVOR EVERY
BITE TOTALLY GUILT-FREE
BECAUSE I WILL HAVE BURNED OFF
ALL THE CALORIES IN ADVANCE.
ACTUALLY, THAT'S PRETTY CLEVER.
HEY, THIS IS MORE THAN
JUST A PRETTY PICTURE.
13 TABLES, THAT'S THE RESTAURANT
WITH CELEBRITY CHEF
WHAT'S-HIS-NAME?
YEAH, MALCOLM SUNDERLAND.
OH, JUST SAYING HIS NAME
MAKES MY MOUTH WATER.
AND ISN'T HIS PLACE FAMOUS
FOR ITS FLAMING CHEESE?
YES, THEY HAVE CHEESE AND FIRE.
I MEAN, IT'S LIKE A LAS
VEGAS SHOW FOR YOUR MOUTH.
AND JOE AND I GET TO
ENJOY A ROMANTIC DINNER
AT THE CHEF'S TABLE RIGHT
INSIDE THE KITCHEN.
WOW, THEY LET YOU
SIT IN THE KITCHEN?
MAYBE FOR ANOTHER $200,
HE'LL LET YOU WASH THE DISHES.
IT'S CHEF SUNDERLAND, OKAY?
I WOULD PAY TO
LICK THOSE DISHES.
MEL, WHAT IS UP?
I WAS JUST RUNNING BY
THE PARK AND I SAW YOU
STANDING THERE WITH A
BUNCH OF STRANGERS
DOING SOME HALF-ASS
JUMPING JACKS.
THOSE ARE JUMPING JILLS,
AND JUMPING IS OPTIONAL.
YEAH, THEN I SAW YOU TAKE A NAP.
OH, THAT'S SAVASANA.
IT'S MY FAVORITE PART.
YOU KNOW WHAT'S NOT
THE BEST EXERCISE?
SLEEPING.
YOU GUYS LOOK LIKE A BUNCH OF
CIVIL WAR RE-ENACTORS IN LYCRA.
WHY ARE YOU GUYS ALL GIVING ME
A HARD TIME ABOUT EXERCISING?
I'M NOT. I'M ACTUALLY
GIVING YOU A HARD TIME
ABOUT HIRING SOME STRANGER
TO BE YOUR TRAINER
WHEN YOU COULD'VE HIRED THE SAME
AMAZING TRAINER THAT I USE.
YOU KNOW?
ME.
THANKS FOR THE OFFER.
NO NO, SERIOUSLY. COME ON.
THIS COULD BE ANOTHER
FUN COUPLE'S ACTIVITY
THAT WE COULD DO
TOGETHER, YOU KNOW?
FINDING NEW AND INTERESTING WAYS
TO RAISE OUR HEART
RATES UNTIL WE'RE BOTH
GRUNTING AND SWEATING
LIKE ANIMALS.
OKAY, THAT'S MY CUE TO LEAVE.
WAIT, I THOUGHT YOU WANTED
US TO GET TOGETHER.
YEAH, BUT I DIDN'T
WANT A FRONT-ROW SEAT.
LOOK, JOE, I JUST THINK
IT'S A GOOD IDEA
TO KEEP OUR PERSONAL LIVES
AND OUR EXERCISE LIVES SEPARATE.
WHAT? WHY?
BECAUSE I DON'T
WANT YOU SEEING ME
ALL SWEATY AND NASTY.
( chuckles ) TOO
LATE FOR THAT, BABY.
ALL RIGHT, SERIOUSLY. JUST
GIVE ME A RUNNING START.
( theme music plays )
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ AS FAR AS I CAN SEE ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL GOOD ♪
- ♪ All good ♪
- ♪ IT'S OKAY ♪
- ♪ Okay ♪
- ♪ IT'S ALL RIGHT ♪
- ♪ All right ♪
♪ I GUESS YOU'RE STUCK ♪
♪ WITH ME ♪
MEL, LOOK, YOU CAN HIRE
WHOEVER YOU WANT
AS YOUR TRAINER.
- OKAY?
- OH, MAY I?
BUT YOU'RE MAKING A MISTAKE.
- I'LL LEARN TO LIVE WITH THAT.
- ALL RIGHT, FINE.
- I'LL DROP IT.
- GREAT.
- AFTER I MAKE ONE LAST POINT.
- OKAY, SEE,
THIS IS NOT DROPPING IT.
THIS IS THROWING IT...
PING... IN MY FACE.
I'M JUST SAYING, I'VE
BEEN SPENDING YEARS
DEVELOPING AN AMAZING
EXERCISE PROGRAM, OKAY.
I KNOW WHAT WORKS BECAUSE...
WELL, BECAUSE HERE ARE
TWO REASONS, OKAY?
ONE...
AND, UH, TWO...
THAT'S NOT AS HOT
AS YOU THINK IT IS.
LOOK, I'M JUST SAYING I
KNOW WHAT WORKS ON ME
BECAUSE I'M HARD WORKING
AND I'M DEDICATED,
BUT IT WOULD REALLY
BE INTERESTING TO SEE
IF IT WORKED ON SOMEBODY WHO WAS
ALMOST COMPLETELY SEDENTARY.
BUT... BUT WHO... WHO...
WHO MAKES THAT
LOOK VERY SEXY.
YOU KNOW, THIS SYSTEM OF YOURS,
DO YOU HAVE A NAME FOR IT?
- LET ME GUESS.
- NO NO, DON'T TRY AND GUESS,
OKAY, BECAUSE IT'S TAKEN ME,
LIKE, YEARS TO COME UP WITH
THE PERFECT NAME.
LONGO FIT?
DID YOU PEEK IN MY DIARY?
YOU KEEP A DIARY?
NO.
LOOK, JOE, I'M HAPPY WITH MY CLASS
IN THE PARK WITH MY FRIENDS.
OKAY, I'M SURE IT'S NOT
AS INTENSE AS YOURS.
AND I KNOW YOU DO A GREAT JOB,
BUT, JUST, I LIKE HAVING FUN.
OH OH, I SEE.
SO YOU DON'T THINK THAT
DOING SOMETHING WITH ME
AS A COUPLE WOULD
QUALIFY TO YOU AS FUN.
- I DIDN'T MEANT THAT.
- IT'S WHAT YOU SAID, ISN'T IT?
OH, COME ON.
DON'T LOOK SO SAD.
- LET ME PUNCH YOU IN THE STOMACH.
- NO.
DON'T TRY AND CHEER ME UP.
( "Cassandra" theme song plays )
Zander: YOU REALLY THINK SOMEONE'S
GONNA SHELL OUT REAL MONEY
FOR OUR LITTLE WEB SERIES?
ABSOLUTELY.
BUT WE WON'T KNOW FOR
SURE UNTIL WE HIT SEND.
WHOA, OKAY, YOU KNOW...
IT'S JUST THAT SENDING
IT OFF TO BE JUDGED
BY THE EDITORS OF THE
WORLD'S COOLEST WEBSITES...
THAT MAKE YOU NERVOUS?
NOPE.
OH, YOU DID IT. YOU JUST...
YOU JUST DID IT.
YOU JUST HIT SEND.
IT'LL BE OKAY.
ALL RIGHT, IT WAS TIME TO SEND
OUR BABY OUT INTO THE WORLD.
OKAY, YEAH, YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU KNOW, I JUST FEEL
REALLY GOOD ABOUT THIS.
ARE YOU TALKING
ABOUT OUR WEB SHOW
OR US BEING BACK TOGETHER?
ALL OF IT.
AW, LOOK AT YOU LOVEBIRDS.
YOU WOULD NEVER KNOW
THAT ONE OF YOU
IS ABOUT TO FLY FAR FAR AWAY
TO ART SCHOOL IN VERMONT.
OH, 700 MILES FROM HERE.
BUT YOU KNOW WHAT?
YOU ARE DOING THE RIGHT THING,
ENJOYING IT WHILE YOU CAN.
( workout music plays )
HEY, WERE YOU SERIOUS
THE OTHER DAY
WHEN YOU SAID YOU
COULD DO A BETTER JOB
TEACHING MY EXERCISE CLASS?
ABSOLUTELY. ANY TIME.
I'M YOUR MAN.
OKAY. EVERYBODY, COME ON.
( music stops )
WHAT IS THIS?
WELL, OUR REGULAR
TEACHER HAD A LITTLE...
A BENCH-WARRANT-FOR-ARREST
THINGY.
- SAY WHAT?
- WELL, IT TURNS OUT,
SOME OF HIS CLIENTS'
AMAZING RESULTS
WERE DUE IN PART
TO HIM PERFORMING
LIPOSUCTION WITHOUT A LICENSE.
WOW, WE'VE GOTTEN TO THAT POINT
WHERE YOU CAN'T EVEN TRUST
STRANGERS IN THE PARK ANYMORE.
HEY, EVERYBODY. THIS IS JOE.
- Women: HEY.
- Joe: HEY.
- FIND A SPOT.
- WAIT, WHAT? WHY... WHY...
WHY DID YOU BRING THEM TO ME?
WELL, THEY'RE DRESSED
AND READY FOR CLASS.
I FIGURED WHY NOT GIVE JOE
LONGO A SHOT AS A TRAINER.
THANK YOU. HEY, THIS
MEANS A LOT TO ME.
UH, LADIES, OKAY.
WELCOME TO LONGO FIT.
WELL, LOOK, UM, THIS CLASS
IS NOT GONNA BE EASY,
BUT I PROMISE YOU, YOU
ARE ALL GONNA HAVE
- AN AWESOME TIME.
- OH, GO LONGO FIT!
SEE YA.
WAIT WAIT WAIT.
AREN'T YOU GONNA
STAY AND WORK OUT?
WELL, YEAH, I'M GONNA WORK OUT.
JUST... IT'S TIME FOR
MY MORNING SAVASANA.
MEL, UM, IT'S NOT EXACTLY
A RINGING ENDORSEMENT
OF MY CLASS
IF YOU DON'T STAY.
I MEAN, IT WOULD JUST...
MEAN THE WORLD TO ME
IF YOU WOULD BE HERE.
OKAY, IF YOU'RE GONNA
PLAY THE GUILT CARD,
I GUESS I COULD BE YOUR
VOLUPTUOUS SPOKESMODEL.
OKAY, HERE WE GO, LADIES.
GET READY.
THIS IS GONNA BE INSANELY FUN.
YOU ARE HERE BECAUSE
YOU ARE WEAK.
UH...
- WHO SAID YOU COULD STOP?
- ( pants )
I CAN'T DO ANYMORE.
( mimics buzzer ) WRONG ANSWER.
SERGEANT LONGO TELLS YOU
WHEN YOU CAN AND
CAN'T DO ANYMORE.
HEY, SERGE, HOW ABOUT
A WATER BREAK?
FINE. WATER BREAK, EVERYBODY.
30 SECONDS.
HEY, WATER ONLY. NO SNACKS.
NO YAPPING.
THIS IS SO COOL.
YEAH, FANTASY COME
TRUE FOR SOME...
ACTUALLY, JUST YOU.
HEY, MEL, YOU KNOW WHAT?
I THINK LONGO FIT COULD
REALLY BE A BUSINESS.
YEAH, MAYBE, YOU KNOW,
IF YOU EASE UP A LITTLE BIT.
WHAT? COME ONE.
THESE WOMEN LOVE WHAT I'M DOING.
I THOUGHT CHILD BIRTH HURT.
YOU'RE KILLING HER.
SHE'S FINE.
YO, WALK IT OFF!
ALL RIGHT, LADIES,
WE'RE BACK IN.
60 SECONDS OF JUMP SQUATS.
LET'S GO. ON THE MATS.
COME ON. WE'RE IN.
LET'S MOVE IT. LET'S MOVE IT.
WE'RE LAUNCHING. WE'RE LAUNCH...
WHAT IS THIS? COME ON, LADIES.
EVERYBODY, SIT IN
YOUR AIR CHAIR.
LAUNCH! HERE WE GO.
HERE WE...
YOU CALL THAT A LAUNCH?
SORRY, SERGEANT LONGO.
I'LL DO BETTER.
YOU KNOW HE'S NOT A REAL
DRILL SERGEANT, RIGHT?
HE'S MORE LIKE CAPTAIN CRUNCH.
HEY, NO TALKING, ALL RIGHT?
COME ON! 30 SECONDS, LADIES.
LET'S GO. LET'S GO. LET'S GO.
ONLY IF YOU WANT TO, SWEETIE.
YOU KNOW WHAT,
TANDY, MEL'S RIGHT.
WHY DON'T YOU JUST RELAX
FOR THE REST OF THE DAY?
SEE, YOU CAN BE A
SERGEANT WITH HEART.
YEAH, THE REST OF THE
CLASS WILL MAKE UP FOR IT
BY DOING AN EXTRA 60
SECONDS OF JUMP SQUATS!
- ( groaning )
- EVERYBODY ELSE IS IN.
YOU CAN'T DO THAT. THAT'S
COLLECTIVE PUNISHMENT.
OH, SO YOU'RE FINALLY
STARTING TO REALIZE
WHAT'S GOING ON IN HERE.
LET'S GO, LADIES. COME ON.
THERE'S NO BREAKS. LET'S GO.
- ( music stops )
- LOOK, NONE OF YOU HAVE TO DO THIS.
HEY, MEL, IF YOU KEEP
BEING DISRUPTIVE,
I'M GONNA HAVE TO
ASK YOU TO LEAVE.
LADIES, JUST EVERYBODY
GO AT YOUR OWN PACE.
OKAY, THAT'S IT. YOU'RE OUT.
WHAT? YOU WOULDN'T KICK
OUT YOUR OWN GIRLFRIEND.
I JUST DID.
- ( music resumes )
- SEE YOU.
OKAY, THESE WOMEN,
THEY CAME IN WITH ME
AND THEY'RE GONNA LEAVE WITH ME.
RIGHT, LADIES?
WELL, THE PEOPLE HAVE SPOKEN.
ALL RIGHT, LADIES,
WE'RE BACK IN.
JUMP SQUATS, LET'S GO.
LET'S MAKE A CHANGE.
I HAVE DONUTS IN THE KITCHEN.
WHAT KIND OF SAD, BROKEN PEOPLE
CHOOSE SQUATS OVER DONUTS?
COME ON. COME ON.
RYDER, OUR DEAL WAS YOU CAN
GO TO THE MUSIC FESTIVAL
IF YOU CHECKED IN TWICE A DAY.
INSTAGRAMING A
PICTURE OF TWO GIRLS
WRESTLING IN THE MUD
DOES NOT COUNT.
CALL ME BACK IN
THREE HOURS, OKAY?
I'LL BE HERE ALL NIGHT.
I'M SUPPOSED TO GO TO THIS
FANCY RESTAURANT WITH JOE,
BUT THEN HE KICKED ME OUT
OF HIS EXERCISE CLASS
AND NOW WE'RE IN
THIS HUGE FIGHT.
- ( phone beeps )
- AND I... HELLO?
OKAY, I CHOOSE TO BELIEVE
HIS BATTERY JUST DIED.
NO, YOU HANG UP FIRST.
- ( phone beeps )
- HELLO?
HE HUNG UP ON ME.
AW, I LOVE THAT ZANDER
HATES COUPLE CLICHES.
OH, WE'VE BEEN TALKING.
AND WE DECIDED THAT
WE'RE GOING TO HAVE
A LONG-DISTANCE RELATIONSHIP.
GOOD FOR YOU.
YOU GUYS MIGHT BE THE
ONES TO MAKE IT WORK.
UH, WAIT.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN, "WE
MIGHT BE THE ONES"?
HONEY, LOOK, THE THING ABOUT
LONG-DISTANCE RELATIONSHIPS
IS THAT SOMETIMES THEY...
NEVER WORK.
- NEVER?!
- WELL, LOOK, LENNOX.
EVERYBODY PLANS ON STAYING
WITH THEIR HIGH
SCHOOL SWEETHEART,
BUT THEN THE NEXT THING YOU
KNOW, YOU'RE AT COLLEGE
AND THE OLDER GUYS ASK YOU
TO THIS REALLY COOL PARTY,
AND THE NEXT THING YOU
KNOW, YOU'RE UPSIDE DOWN.
THEN THE REST OF
THE FRESHMAN YEAR,
EVERYBODY'S CALLING
YOU THE KEG QUEEN.
AUNT MEL, I DON'T THINK
I'LL EVER BE KEG QUEEN.
WELL, NOT WITH THAT
ATTITUDE YOU WON'T.
SERIOUSLY, THOUGH, LOOK,
COLLEGE IS A WHOLE NEW WORLD.
AND YOU BECOME A
DIFFERENT PERSON.
AND HIGH SCHOOL RELATIONSHIPS
TEND NOT TO SURVIVE THAT.
UGH, WHO AM I KIDDING?
YOU'RE RIGHT. ZANDER
AND I ARE DOOMED!
NO NO NO!
LOOK, MAYBE THE RULES DON'T
APPLY TO YOU AND ZANDER.
LOOK, YOU JUST PLAYED THAT
YOU-HANG-UP-FIRST GAME.
AND HE IMMEDIATELY
HUNG UP ON YOU.
YOU KNOW, YOU GUYS ARE ARTISTS.
YOU'LL MAKE UP YOUR OWN RULES.
IT KIND OF SOUNDS LIKE
YOU'RE TRYING TO LAMELY
WEASEL YOUR WAY OUT OF
AN AWKWARD CONVERSATION.
LIKE I WOULD DO THAT.
OOH, YOU KNOW, IT IS
SMOKE-DETECTOR-AWARENESS MONTH.
I SHOULD CHECK SOME BATTERIES.
( whistles )
WHAT ARE YOU ALL DRESSED UP FOR?
OUR BIG DATE TONIGHT?
WAIT A MINUTE,
THAT CAN'T BE WHAT
YOU'RE WEARING.
AND WHAT... YOU'RE
EATING A SANDWICH?!
WE GOT TEN GOURMET COURSES
COMING OUR WAY TONIGHT,
ONE OF WHICH IS FLAMING CHEESE.
WE CAN'T GO ON A ROMANTIC DATE.
WE'RE IN THE MIDDLE
OF A HUGE FIGHT.
WE ARE?
YOU DIDN'T KNOW?!
NOBODY TOLD ME.
YOU KICKED ME OUT OF
YOUR EXERCISE CLASS.
WHAT? I DIDN'T KICK
YOU OUT OF THERE.
YOU DIDN'T WANT TO
BE THERE, COME ON.
AND THEN YOU TRIED TO
START THAT LITTLE MUTINY
WITH DONUTS, BUT LOOK...
LET'S JUST PUT ALL
THAT ASIDE, ALL RIGHT,
AND GO ENJOY THIS
AMAZING DINNER.
BUT THAT THERE HASN'T
EVEN BEEN AN APOLOGY.
ALL RIGHT, LOOK, I'M GONNA
TAKE CARE OF THAT RIGHT NOW.
OKAY, YOU DON'T HAVE
TO APOLOGIZE TO ME.
OH, APOLOGIZE YOU TO YOU?
NO, YOU NEED TO APOLOGIZE TO ME.
THIS IS ACTUALLY STARTING
TO SEEM LIKE A LITTLE
BIT OF A FIGHT NOW.
YEAH, IT'S BEEN ONE FOR SOME TIME.
KEEP UP.
WAIT A MINUTE, WAIT A MINUTE.
HONEY HONEY, LOOK LOOK...
YOU SPENT A LOT OF MONEY
ON THIS DINNER TONIGHT.
OKAY, ALL I'M SAYING IS
LET'S JUST PUT OUR DIFFERENCES
OF OPINION ON HOLD,
OKAY? GO OUT, ENJOY
TEN AMAZING COURSES,
THEN WE CAN COME BACK HOME
AND PICK THIS FIGHT UP
RIGHT WHERE WE LEFT OFF.
'CAUSE I HAVE A HUNCH
SOMEONE'S GONNA REMEMBER
EXACTLY WHERE THAT WAS.
SO YOU JUST WANT TO IGNORE
OUR FEELINGS FOR FOUR HOURS?
NO NO. NOT IGNORE.
PUT THEM ASIDE...
TO MAKE ROOM FOR FLAMING CHEESE.
SAY IT AGAIN.
FLAMING CHEESE.
WHAT FIGHT?
YOU KNOW, MEL, I
HAVE TO TELL YOU.
I'M REALLY HAPPY THAT YOU
SPENT A LOT OF MONEY
AND WON THAT CHARITY
AUCTION THING
BECAUSE I THINK TONIGHT'S DINNER
IS GONNA BE VERY SPECIAL.
MM-HMM, I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT ELSE IS SPECIAL,
GETTING KICKED OUT OF MY OWN
GARAGE FOR TRYING TO HELP YOU.
SEE, I KNEW YOU
COULD SET IT ASIDE.
HAVE YOU DECIDED ON THE WINE?
- YES.
- YEAH, WE'RE GONNA HAVE A BOTTLE OF
THE 2012 IL GOMITO.
WELL, NO NEED FOR
ME TO WEIGH IN.
YOUR OPINION IS JUST GOOD
ENOUGH FOR EVERYBODY.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I
JUST FIGURED IT OUT.
IT JUST HIT ME.
YEAH, FOR THE LAST THREE YEARS,
YOU'VE BEEN THE ONE
CALLING ALL THE SHOTS.
AND TODAY, IN MY CLASS,
I WAS THE ONE MAKING THE RULES,
AND THAT MADE YOU
FEEL UNCOMFORTABLE.
OH, SO YOU HAVE ALL THIS
BUILT-UP RESENTMENT
AND KICKING ME OUT
TODAY WAS PAYBACK?
NO, IT'S LONGO FIT.
I'M LONGO, ALL RIGHT?
WE GO BY MY RULES.
IF IT WAS BURKE FIT, WE'D
BE FOLLOWING YOUR RULES.
WE'D PROBABLY ALL BE DOING
BICEP CURLS WITH WINE GLASSES.
SEE, NOW, I'D SIGN
UP FOR THAT CLASS.
PARDON ME, IT IS
MY GREAT PLEASURE
TO PRESENT TO YOU CHEF
MALCOLM SUNDERLAND.
GOOD EVENING. WELCOME
TO THE CHEF'S TABLE.
SO OUR FIRST COURSE...
IS A PAN-SEARED COHO SALMON
RUBBED LIGHTLY WITH LEMON PEPPER
AND KISSED WITH A
SQUIRT OF LEMON JUICE.
DELIGHTFUL.
OOH, ALL THIS KISSING
AND SQUIRTING
MAKES IT SOUNDS SO DIRTY.
ENJOY.
MM.
OH, YEAH.
I CAN DEFINITELY PUT OUR
FIGHT ON HOLD FOR THIS.
OH MY GOD.
UGH!
THING'S RAW. IT'S AWFUL.
NO, IT'S SEARED TO PERFECTION.
NO, MEL, LOOK AT THIS.
SEE THAT COLOR RIGHT THERE?
THAT'S THE COLOR OF A
FAMILY INTESTINAL PARASITES
THAT ARE PACKING THEIR BAGS
AND GETTING READY TO MOVE
INTO MY DIGESTIVE TRACT.
WELL, NOW I'M HUNGRY.
NO, THERE'S... EXCUSE ME.
CHEF MALCOLM, DUDE.
I DON'T REALLY KNOW
WHAT TO CALL HIM.
YES, SIR, IS THERE A PROBLEM?
YES, I THINK THERE'S BEEN A
MISTAKE HERE BECAUSE, UM...
MY SALMON, IT'S STILL
SWIMMING UPSTREAM.
IT'S UNCOOKED.
OH, NO, THIS IS SEARED.
AND THIS IS THE WAY
IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE.
YEAH, IF YOU'RE
STANDING IN THE RIVER
AND YOU HAPPEN TO BE A BEAR.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD TRY IT AND
YOU MIGHT REALLY LIKE IT.
LOOK, I APPRECIATE IT, BUT I
SORT OF KNOW WHAT I LIKE.
AND I THINK WHAT I WOULD LIKE
HE'S... HE'S WALKING AWAY
WHILE I'M TALKING TO HIM.
WHY IS HE WALKING AWAY
WHILE I'M TALKING TO HIM?
JOE, LET IT GO. OKAY, THIS
IS WHAT WE PAID $400 FOR.
TO EAT THE FOOD THE WAY
THE MAN IN THE BIG WHITE
JACKET SAYS IT SHOULD BE MADE.
MAYBE HE KNOWS SOMETHING.
IT IS HIS KITCHEN.
YEAH, WELL, I'M THE
CUSTOMER, ALL RIGHT?
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
IF HE'S NOT GONNA
FIX IT, I WILL.
WHAT? JOE, SIT DOWN.
YOU CAN'T DO THIS.
THERE ARE RULES.
TRUST ME. I GOT EVERYTHING
UNDER CONTROL HERE.
SIR, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
HATE TO TELL YOU THIS, PAL, BUT...
( chuckles ) YOUR JOB.
SIR, PUT MY SPATULA DOWN.
I WILL, JUST GIVE ME
LIKE TWO MINUTES.
THAT IS UNACCEPTABLE.
LEAVE MY KITCHEN NOW.
I HAVEN'T EVEN HAD DINNER YET!
WELL, MAYBE IF YOU
GET IN YOUR CAR
AND DRIVE AROUND THE BLOCK,
YOU MAY FIND SOME NUGGETS
THAT SUIT YOU JUST FINE.
NOW LEAVE.
YOU KNOW WHAT? I'D BE HAPPY TO.
COME ON.
SO I GUESS I'M
KICKED OUT TOO, HUH?
ABSOLUTELY NOT.
THAT'S COLLECTIVE PUNISHMENT,
AND I AM NOT A BARBARIAN.
MEL, ARE YOU GONNA STAY?
IT'S FLAMING CHEESE.
I DON'T THINK I CAN
TAKE FIRE TO GO.
I'LL SEE YOU AT HOME THEN.
THIS IS AN AGED TOMME
RIGHT FROM THE
SOUTHWEST OF FRANCE.
IT'S SOFT AND IT'S YIELDING.
SAVE IT.
I NEVER SAID THIS
ABOUT A MAN BEFORE,
BUT HE'S MORE IMPORTANT TO
ME THAN FLAMING CHEESE.
WOW, YOU'RE A VERY
FORGIVING WOMEN.
UGH, TRUST ME. I'M NOT
FORGIVING ANYBODY.
THAT SALMON AIN'T THE ONLY ONE
GETTING ITS ASS SEARED TONIGHT.
WHAT IF CASSANDRA REFUSES
TO GO ON A FAMILY VACATION
BECAUSE SHE HAS A
VISION THAT TELLS HER
THE HOTEL BEDSPREAD
WILL BE TOTALLY GROSS.
- LENNOX, ARE YOU LISTENING?
- WE NEED TO TALK.
YEAH, I KNOW, IT
WASN'T MY BEST IDEA.
I MEAN, ABOUT US.
WHEN YOU GO AWAY TO COLLEGE,
I DON'T WANT US TO BREAK UP.
- UH, ME NEITHER.
- YEAH, BUT I ALSO DON'T WANT US
TO HAVE ONE OF THOSE
LONG-DISTANCE RELATIONSHIPS
WHERE EVERYONE GETS HURT.
- WHO WOULD WANT THAT?
- OKAY OKAY.
SO HERE'S WHAT I THINK. WE
NEED TO SET SOME RULES.
LIKE WHEN WE'RE TOGETHER,
WE'LL BE TOGETHER.
AND THEN WHEN WE'RE
NOT TOGETHER,
WE'RE NOT TOGETHER.
HUH?
LIKE WHEN WE'RE IN
THE SAME PLACE,
THE SAME CITY, THE SAME... ZONE,
WE'LL BE EXCLUSIVE.
BUT THEN WHEN WE'RE
IN DIFFERENT ZONES,
WE WON'T BE EXCLUSIVE.
SO YOU WANT TO BE NON-EXCLUSIVE,
LIKE, WITH OTHER GUYS.
WELL, ONLY WHEN WE'RE
NOT IN THE SAME ZONE.
OH, GREAT. UM...
SO WHERE EXACTLY DOES THIS
NON-EXCLUSIVE ZONE BEGIN AND END?
ARE YOU MY GIRLFRIEND
WHEN I GET ON THE PLANE?
OR ONLY WHEN I CROSS
INTO OHIO AIRSPACE?
IS THERE AN APP SO I
CAN TRACK THE ZONE?
YOU'RE NOT TAKING
THIS SERIOUSLY.
YOU'RE NOT TAKING US SERIOUSLY.
I'M JUST TRYING TO SAVE US.
WE DON'T HAVE TO BREAK UP
LIKE EVERY OTHER COUPLE
WHO TRIES A LONG-DISTANCE
RELATIONSHIP.
THANKS FOR PROTECTING
OUR RELATIONSHIP
BY PRETENDING IT DOESN'T EXIST.
NO, I'M JUST TRYING TO
ESTABLISH SOME RULES
SO WE CAN KEEP THIS
THING FROM ENDING
IN ANGER AND TEARS.
( in tears ) WELL, BRAVO, YOU'VE
DONE A BANG-UP JOB OF THAT.
I'M SORRY, BUT WHAT'S THE
ALTERNATIVE, ZANDER?
THAT WE STAY TOGETHER IN
A COMMITTED RELATIONSHIP
IN ALL TIME ZONES.
WELL, THAT'S NOT POSSIBLE
IN THE REAL WORLD.
- I GUESS WE JUST BREAK UP THEN.
- FINE!
GOOD! WE'RE BROKEN UP!
DONE! WORLDWIDE!
NO MATTER WHAT CITY WE'RE IN,
WE'RE NOT A COUPLE AT ALL.
WELL, WE CAN START BY NOT
BEING A COUPLE RIGHT NOW.
AND WE'RE NOT DOING THAT WHOLE
"LET'S STAY FRIENDS" THING EITHER.
I'M FINE WITH THAT. CLEAN BREAK,
JUST SEVER ALL TIES.
( computer beeps )
"DEAR, MISS SCANLON AND MR.
CARLSON,
YOU GUYS ROCK.
WE WANT TO BUY YOUR WEB
SERIES, 'CASSANDRA.'
WE THINK IT'S PERFECT
FOR LAUGHORCHOKE.COM.
CONTRACTS TO FOLLOW."
- OH MY GOD!
- WE'RE A HIT!
( both laughing )
( clears throat )
THIS IS TOTALLY
AWESOME NEWS, RIGHT?
YEAH, WE CAN STILL
WORK TOGETHER.
YOU KNOW, WE CAN NOT BE
DATING AND NOT BE FRIENDS
AND HAVE IT NOT BE AWKWARD.
OH, YEAH, SO NOT AWKWARD.
YOU'RE HOLDING MY HAND.
OH, RIGHT, NONE OF THAT.
MEL, LOOK, I REALLY APPRECIATE
YOU LEAVING THE
RESTAURANT WITH ME, OKAY?
OH, COME ON, NOW. SAY
SOMETHING, WILL YOU?
YOU KNOW I HATE THE
SILENT TREATMENT.
IT'S LIKE WORSE THAN YELLING.
MEL, COME ON!
SAY SOMETHING. I
SAID I WAS SORRY
LIKE 1,000 TIMES.
YEAH, BUT YOU DIDN'T MEAN IT.
I GOT TO MEAN IT?
YEAH, OF COURSE.
WHAT'D I DO WRONG? I DON'T
EVEN KNOW WHAT I DID WRONG.
WELL, THAT'S WHY I'M HERE, OKAY?
LOOK...
YOU THREW A TANTRUM IN
ANOTHER MAN'S KITCHEN
WHO ONLY HAPPENS TO BE THE
FINEST CHEF IN ALL OF TOLEDO.
I MEAN, IT IS HIS PLACE, AFTER ALL.
HE CALLS THE SHOTS.
HOW'D YOU LIKE IT IF I CAME
INTO YOUR EXERCISE CLASS
AND TOLD YOU HOW... MAYBE
THAT'S A BAD EXAMPLE.
OH, WAIT A MINUTE! WAIT
A MINUTE, HOLD ON.
HOLD ON. MEL, I THINK YOU'RE
ON TO SOMETHING HERE.
BECAUSE WHEN YOU'RE IN THE
PRESENCE OF, SAY, A MASTER,
MAYBE IT'S NOT A BAD IDEA
TO LISTEN TO THAT GUY.
YOU KNOW, MAYBE IT'S EVEN WRONG
AND SOMEWHAT DISRESPECTFUL
TO TRY TO TAKE OVER AND
DEMAND TO HAVE IT YOUR WAY.
MAYBE... THAT'S ACTUALLY
A VERY BAD EXAMPLE.
NO, ACTUALLY, JOE,
I THINK IT'S A PERFECT EXAMPLE.
YEAH, YOURS WAS TOO.
YOU KNOW, I THINK CHEF
SUNDERLAND AND SERGEANT LONGO
DESERVE MORE RESPECT THAN
EITHER OF US SHOWED THEM TODAY.
I THINK YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU KNOW, MEL, I THINK
IT'S KIND OF COOL
THAT YOU PUT ME IN
THE SAME LEAGUE
AS CHEF SUNDERLAND.
AND I'M TELLING YOU,
I REALLY BELIEVE
THAT WITH SOME GOOD MARKETING,
LONGO FIT COULD TURN
INTO SOMETHING BIG.
WELL, THEN I AM BEHIND YOU 100%.
TO LONGO FIT.
MAY THERE BE THOUSANDS
OF OUT-OF-SHAPE PEOPLE
IN THE CITY OF TOLEDO
WHO LOVE BEING TORTURED BY A
SWEET, SEXY DRILL SERGEANT.
JUST NOT YOU.
YEAH.
IF YOU GOT RID OF THE SQUATS,
AND MAYBE ADDED SOME
NAPS AND SOME WINE,
I'M IN.
I'LL THINK ABOUT IT.
- REALLY?
- NO.
POUR IN SLOWLY
ONE HALF-CUP BRANDY.
- OH, I LIKE IT ALREADY.
- NO NO NO NO.
POUR IT IN THE PAN.
OKAY, YOU'RE REALLY GONNA
HAVE TO BE MORE SPECIFIC.
ARE YOU SURE WE SHOULDN'T
ASK JOE HOW TO DO THIS?
HEY, WE ARE TWO
INTELLIGENT WOMEN.
IT'S FLAMING CHEESE.
WORSE-CASE SCENARIO,
WE HAVE MELTED CHEESE.
NO, WORSE-CASE SCENARIO,
WE BURN OFF OUR EYEBROWS.
AND I USE THESE A LOT.
THIS IS WHERE IT ALL HAPPENS.
ALL RIGHT, "TILT PAN
AND LIGHT THE BRANDY."
I'M NOT DOING THAT.
YOU'RE SUCH A GIRL.
OOH!
OH, LOOK, IT'S COOKED PERFECTLY.
BOY, I DON'T KNOW.
IT LOOKS A LITTLE UNDERDONE.
YEAH, MAYBE WE CAN
FIRE IT UP AGAIN.
BUT THIS TIME, I
GET TO LIGHT IT.
FIRE IN THE HOLE!